After completing the assignment, please answer the questions in this text file and submit it to I-Learn.

1. Copy and paste the URL for your web application:
https://byui-cs313-downerj.herokuapp.com

2. Copy and paste the URL for your source code repository (e.g., GitHub):
https://github.com/user0x4A35/byui-cs313-downerj.git

3. Briefly list and describe the elements of the application that are functioning. Include any special instructions about how to login and/or use your application.
a. There is a Login page with basic login functionality. (No JS is used yet to validate client-side.)
-> To login, enter the username "" and the password "".
b. There is a Home page which lists the user's assignments from the database.
-> Links on the page redirect the user to a "View Assignment" page.
c. The View Assignment page lists either:
-> The tasks attached to the selected assignment with its corresponding fields; or
-> A message indicating that there are no tasks attached to the selected assignment.

4. Briefly describe any pieces of the assignment that are not yet working correctly.
a. There is very little custom JavaScript on this sub-site.
-> JavaScript will be needed to create the "timer" functionality of the web app.
b. The login function is not secure and needs SSL implemented to create a secure connection.

5. Briefly describe the "coolest" thing you learned while completing this assignment.
The most interesting thing was implementing a basic login page using PHP and PostgreSQL.

6. Why should you create a separate user account for your application to access the database?
Each user has different data in the database, much of which should not be visible to other users nor
to the public in general.

7. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements
<D>

8. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I did not fully implement the JavaScript timer needed for my web app.
That being said:
a. The assignment did not indicate that login functionality was needed, but I provided such.
b. Also, I incorporated custom PHP "modules" for login, logout and redirection.
c. I also re-used the template PHP and CSS from previous projects (and the root directory).
